Add setup instruction (#370)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBaseDNS: docs/private-dns/connect-devices/mobile-and-desktop/dns-mobile-app.md

---
title: DNS Mobile App
sidebar_position: 4
---

To connect a new device to your DNS server using the AdGuard DNS mobile app:

1. Go to the **Dashboard** → [**Servers**](https://adguard-dns.io/dashboard/servers).
1. Select the desired server.

> 1. Scroll down and click **Setup ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Scroll down and click *Setup ID*.

```

    ![Setup ID *mobile_border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/release_notes/dns/dns-app-v1-0/server_settings_setup_ID.png)

1. Copy the **server Setup ID**.

    ![Server setup ID *mobile_border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/release_notes/dns/dns-app-v1-0/settings_setup_ID.png)

> 1. Open the app and paste the **Setup ID**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the app and paste the setup ID.

```

    ![Paste setup ID *mobile_border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/release_notes/dns/dns-app-v1-0/SetupIDMobile.png)

1. Choose a device name.
1. Click **Connect**.

    ![Connect *mobile_border](https://cdn.adtidy.org/content/release_notes/dns/dns-app-v1-0/ConnectMobile.png)

> Done! You are now connected, and the device will be automatically created in the Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Done! You are now connected, and the device will automatically appear on your *Dashboard*.

```
